[Serializer] Groups annotation/attribute on class (#18657)
symfony/symfony-docs: serializer.rst

        private string $description;
    }

> You can also add the ``#[Groups]`` attribute on your class directly::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the ``#[Groups]`` attribute on class level::
```

    #[ORM\Entity]
    #[Groups(['show_product'])]
    class Product
    {
        #[ORM\Id]
        #[ORM\GeneratedValue]
        #[ORM\Column(type: 'integer')]
        #[Groups(['list_product'])]
        private int $id;

        #[ORM\Column(type: 'string', length: 255)]
        #[Groups(['list_product'])]
        private string $name;

        #[ORM\Column(type: 'text')]
        private string $description;
    }

In this example, the ``id`` and the ``name`` properties belong to the
``show_product`` and ``list_product`` groups. The ``description`` property
only belongs to the ``show_product`` group.

.. versionadded:: 6.4

>     The support of the ``#[Groups]`` attribute on the class itself was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The support of the ``#[Groups]`` attribute on class level was
```
